The most important part of running paper click ads is attribution.
The most important part in 2025 and on.
This is because the algorithm is so good at this point at finding people that
will pay for your product.
So the only two variables that you're really tweaking aside from your app you
're pricing,
because that's all important are the creatives and the attribution.
The attribution, if done wrong, will fuck up everything.
If done right, then the algorithm will work amazingly, do what it's good at and
find new customers.
Adjust has a really good blog on what all these Apple privacy rules are.
So I suggest reading this, adjust.com/glosseries/scaddenetworks-scan.
This will teach you a bunch of stuff, basically how it works.
But let me go through this graph here.
So first I would say pause this video, go read that.
Once you've read that, come back here.
Go.
Okay, I'm assuming you've read that.
So these are the, this diagram right here shows us how Apple's scan SKAN, I don
what does scan stand for?
SCAD network, STORKET network.
Okay.
Lamb.
So, how it works is very, very strange, very, very strange.